Make error messages clearer for some common problems (#702)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

- Fix bug when removing databases where sometimes the source folder would not be removed from the workspace or the database files would not be removed from the workspace storage location. [#692](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/692)
- Query results with no string representation will now be displayed with placeholder text in query results. Previously, they were omitted. [#694](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/694)
- Add a label for the language of a database in the databases view. This will only take effect for new databases created with the CodeQL CLI v2.4.1 or later. [#697](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/697)
- Add clearer error message when running a query using a missing or invalid qlpack. [#702](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/702)

> - Add clearer error message when trying to run command from the query history view and no item is history selected. [#702](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/702)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add clearer error message when trying to run a command from the query history view if no item in the history is selected. [#702](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/702)
```
